Q1: What is Emmet?
Ans: Emmet is a free add-on for your text editor that allows you to type shortcuts that are then expanded into full pieces of code
With Emmet we can quickly create an HTML boilerplate in the blink of an eye. 
In an HTML file, simply type ! and you'll see that Emmet has popped up as a suggestion. 
Now hit Enter.

Use this link to use emmet in JS files to save time:
https://javascript.plainenglish.io/how-to-enable-emmet-for-react-to-improve-your-productivity-6fae59000294


Q2: Library: 

Ans: A library consists of functions that an application can call to perform a task.(less rules)
Framework:
 Framework contains a large collection of libraries that provides the developer with inbuilt functionalities
 ,which helps to develop an application without extensive coding knowledge.(More rules)

Q3: What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Ans: Content delivery network (CDN) refers to a geographically distributed group of servers which work together 
to provide fast delivery of Internet content.

Q4:why is React known as React?
Ans:React was developed for applications that have constantly changing data. Since React is a front-end framework or the “View” in MVC, this means that as the user clicks around and changes the app's data, 
the view should “react” or change with those user events.

Q5:What is crossorigin in script tag?
CORS-Cross origin resource sharing.
It is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from another domain outside their own domain. 
It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the 
cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to specify who can access the assets on the server, by setting specific HTTP header
like Access control Allow origin.
 Process:Before making an actual API call preflight/Option request is made to serevr and that sets HTTP header in the browser. 
 through which the server knows it is safe to respond it with data(Requested for) when actual API call is made.

 Q6:What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

Q7:What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
react.production.js has the minified version of files that would make application to have better performance as minifed version reduces payload and script parse time, 
resulting in faster page loads, and also its difficult to debug in this case,W
hereas react.development.js does not have minified version and not optimized , therefore easy to debug.


Q8:What is async and defer?
Generally, When script tag does not have any of the above keyword 
 While parsing the HTML code when browser encounters script tag, it pauses the parsing, fetches the script 
 from network and executes the script, Once the script is executed after that browser resumes HTML parsing.
ASYNC:
The browser will download the script file and continue parsing HTML parallelly until the file is downloaded.
The file is executed as soon as it is downloaded.
DEFER:
The defer attribute tells the browser not to wait for the script. Instead, the browser will continue to process the HTML, build DOM. 
The script loads “in the background”, and then runs when the DOM is fully built.